feat: add mongo indexer to mono (#32)
jina-ai/executors: jinahub/indexers/storage/MongoDBStorage/README.md

# ✨ MongoStorage

**MongoStorage** is a Jina indexer, using [mongodb](https://www.mongodb.com/) as a backend. 

`mongodb` is a no-sql document data model storage system. It supports JSON and provides an expressive query language for developers.

The class constructer receive the following parameters:

1. `host`: the mongodb instance host address, default value is `localhost`.
2. `port`: the mongodb instance port, default value is 27017.
3. `username`: the username of the instance, optional, default value is `None`.
4. `password`: the password of the instance, optional, default value is `None`.
5. `database`: the database name.
6. `collection`: the collection name.

> <!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
> <!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Table of Contents**

- [🌱 Prerequisites](#-prerequisites)
- [🚀 Usages](#-usages)
- [🎉️ Example](#%EF%B8%8F-example)
- [🔍️ Reference](#%EF%B8%8F-reference)

> <!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# ✨ MongoStorage

**MongoStorage** is a Jina indexer, using [mongodb](https://www.mongodb.com/) as a backend. 

> `mongodb` is a no-sql document data model storage system. It's naturally supports JSON and provide an expressive query language allows developers to learn and use. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`mongodb` is a no-sql document data model storage system. It supports JSON and provides an expressive query language for developers.
```

Reviewer 2: The phrasing was odd

> 

Reviewer 2: add a quick overview of the class arguments

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [🌱 Prerequisites](#-prerequisites)
- [🚀 Usages](#-usages)
- [🎉️ Example](#%EF%B8%8F-example)
- [🔍️ Reference](#%EF%B8%8F-reference)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## 🌱 Prerequisites

> - This Executor works on Python 3.7 and 3.8.

Reviewer 2: Add this under the heading: 

```
> These are only needed if you download the source code and directly use the class. Not needed if you use the Jina Hub method below.
```

like in the others

- Make sure to install the [requirements](requirements.txt)

Additionally, you will need a running MongoDB instnace. This can be a local instance, a Docker image, or a virtual machine in the cloud. Make sure you have the credentials and connection parameters.

You can start one in a Docker container, like so: 

```bash
docker run --name mongo-storage  -p 127.0.0.1:27017:27017/tcp -d mongo:latest
```

> ## 🚀 Usages

Reviewer 2: Update `Usages` section to be like the other READMEs (only Jinahub usage is shown)

### 🚚 Via JinaHub

#### using docker images

Use the prebuilt images from JinaHub in your Python code: 

```python
from jina import Flow
	
f = Flow().add(uses='jinahub+docker://MongoDBStorage')
```

or in the `.yml` config.
	
```yaml
jtype: Flow
pods:
  - name: indexer
    uses: 'jinahub+docker://MongoDBStorage'
```

#### using source codes
Use the source codes from JinaHub in your python codes,

```python
from jina import Flow
	
f = Flow().add(uses='jinahub://MongoDBStorage')
```

or in the `.yml` config.

```yaml
jtype: Flow
pods:
  - name: indexer
    uses: 'jinahub://MongoDBStorage'
```

### 📦️ Via Pypi

> 1. Install the `executor-indexers` package.

Reviewer 2: Fix naming here and in #78
